Merge API documentation from dapp-connector (#650)
midnightntwrk/midnight-docs: api-reference/dapp-connector/_media/SPECIFICATION.md

What raises additional concern to this API is potential presence of multiple browser extensions wanting to install their instances of the API in the DApp website, some of which might be malicious. 

## API Design

> [!note]
> Code snippets below are defined in TypeScript, this enables easy consistency check between the specification here, and definition in the DApp Connector API package: https://github.com/input-output-hk/midnight-dapp-connector-api / https://www.npmjs.com/package/@midnight-ntwrk/dapp-connector-api

> [!note] 

> > In certain ways, the design of this API borrows from the [Cardano DApp Connector API defined in CIP-30](https://cips.cardano.org/cip/CIP-0030). This is a deliberate decision, to make the API look familiar to Cardano DApp developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In certain ways, the design of this API borrows from the [Cardano DApp Connector API defined in CIP-30](https://cips.cardano.org/cip/CIP-0030). This is a deliberate decision, made to help the API look familiar to Cardano DApp developers.
```

7. DApp must always check the `apiVersion` against supported range of versions (following semver semantics) and the DApp must not attempt to connect or present to the user initial APIs that are annotated with an unsupported API version.
8. Wallet should keep stable `rdns` throught lifecycle of the product.
9. DApp must be prepared to handle `rdns` values that are unknown, invalid, or potentially misleading, similar to handling user agent strings in web browsers.
10. DApp should verify initial API instances provided against possible malicious extensions (like multiple APIs with same or very similar `rdns` and/or `name` and overlapping `apiVersion`s). When DApp detects such situation it must notify the user.
11. The Wallet must report exact version of the `@midnight-ntwrk/dapp-connector-api` package it implemented
12. If the Wallet implements multiple incompatible versions of the API simultanously (which is a possible case during transition period related to a hard-fork), Wallet must provide multiple entries in the `midnight` object.
13. For connecting:

>    - The DApp must provide network id it wants to connect to; The network id of mainnet is `mainnet`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The DApp must provide network id it wants to connect to; The network ID of mainnet is `mainnet`
```
